add file filter for datasets.uploadFolder (#34669)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/ai/ai-projects/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.0.0-beta.9 (2025-06-03)

### Breaking changes

> - Function `project.datasets.uploadFile` optional param is update from `string` to `DatasetUploadOptionalOptions`
> - Function `project.datasets.uploadFolder` optional param is update from `string` to `DatasetUploadOptionalOptions`
> - Function `project.datasets.uploadFolder` support file filter with `filePattern` param in `DatasetUploadOptionalOptions`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `project.datasets.uploadFile` method is updated to take an options bag of type `DatasetUploadOptionalOptions`.
- The `project.datasets.uploadFolder` method is updated to take an options bag of type `DatasetUploadOptionalOptions`.
```

# Release History

## 1.0.0-beta.9 (2025-06-03)

### Other Changes

- Add the apiVersion and rest api doc information of client library to `README.md`

> ### Features added
> 
> - The `project.datasets.uploadFile` method is updated to take an options bag of type `DatasetUploadOptions`.
> - The `project.datasets.uploadFolder` method is updated to take an options bag of type `DatasetUploadOptions`.

Reviewer: These are breaking changes because if the user passed in a string before, they'll get an error now.

```suggestion
### Breaking changes

- The `project.datasets.uploadFile` method is updated to take an options bag of type `DatasetUploadOptions`.
- The `project.datasets.uploadFolder` method is updated to take an options bag of type `DatasetUploadOptions`.
```
